README.md, before:

# TeachAPCS: material for AP Computer Science teachers

Tools, links, exercises, and reference materials from [TeachAPCS](http://teachapcs.com)

## Overview

- `/dictionary` houses data for the [Computer Science Dictionary](http://teachapcs.com/dictionary)
- `/errors` keeps track of common [Compiler Errors](http://teachapcs.com/errors) and their compilerish-to-English translations.
- `/exercises` collects files for the [Popular Exercises](http://teachapcs.com/exercises) series. Inside, you'll find html and md versions of all text, java starter files, and the yaml-powered glue to consolidate them.
- `/reference` is the [Microtext](http://teachapcs.com/microtext)
- `/resources` catalogs external resources – links, videos, or textbook snippets – that could supplement other material. These power the [Video Microlectures](http://teachapcs.com/microlectures) and the "other resources" section of the [Microtext](http://teachapcs.com/microtext)

## Contributing
Please do! Ideally by [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request) or [mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/teachapcs) email.

## License
The TeachAPCS.com material is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/). 

Meaning: you're free to share and adapt the material as you like, so long as you give appropriate credit (including a link!), indicate whether changes were made, do not use the material for commercial purposes, and distribute your revisions under the same license.

Neither TeachAPCS nor this material has any affiliation with the College Board.

Commit message:

Adding Common Code Snippets to the base README and cleaning the snippets/ directory's README too

README.md, after:

# TeachAPCS: material for AP Computer Science teachers

Tools, links, exercises, and reference materials from [TeachAPCS](http://teachapcs.com)

## Overview

- `/dictionary` houses data for the [Computer Science Dictionary](http://teachapcs.com/dictionary)
- `/errors` keeps track of common [Compiler Errors](http://teachapcs.com/errors) and their compilerish-to-English translations.
- `/exercises` collects files for the [Popular Exercises](http://teachapcs.com/exercises) series. Inside, you'll find html and md versions of all text, java starter files, and the yaml-powered glue to consolidate them.
- `/reference` is the [Microtext](http://teachapcs.com/microtext)
- `/resources` catalogs external resources – links, videos, or textbook snippets – that could supplement other material. These power the [Video Microlectures](http://teachapcs.com/microlectures) and the "other resources" section of the [Microtext](http://teachapcs.com/microtext)
- `/snippets` keeps track of the [Common Code Snippets](http://teachapcs.com/snippets) – example code that some teachers use to introduce new concepts.

## Contributing
Please do! Ideally by [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request) or [mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/teachapcs) email.

## License
The TeachAPCS.com material is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/). 

Meaning: you're free to share and adapt the material as you like, so long as you give appropriate credit (including a link!), indicate whether changes were made, do not use the material for commercial purposes, and distribute your revisions under the same license.

Neither TeachAPCS nor this material has any affiliation with the College Board.
